A. The preferred method of communication that your team will use outside of meetings
   (examples: discord, wechat, group emails, etc)
   WhatsApp, Zoom
B. How frequently is everyone expected to check and respond to messages? Within 48 hours?
   At least every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday?
   Within 24 hours
C. If you have to meet between Mondays to prepare for your weekly meeting with your TA,
   what are two possible day/times when you could all meet?
   Saturdays: 8pm - 9pm (Toronto time) - this time is preferred and works with our other planned group activities
              such as our group standups
   Alternatively: Sundays at 8pm - 9pm (Toronto time) also works
D. What format do you want to use for the meeting? Zoom? A Bb Collaborate meeting set up by your instructor?
   Using some other platform?
   (If you request a Bb Collaborate room, one will be created for you on Quercus with "group_0XXX" as its name,
   where XXX will be replaced with your number.)
   Zoom or Google Meets (to allow for sharing multiple screens at the same time)
E. How will you keep track of who is doing which task and what is its status?
   There are a number of apps for this like Trello, Monday, etc or you could track it yourself on a shared Google Doc
   or something similar. Explain how your team has decided to track the status of each task and
   identity of the person in charge of it.
   Trello
   Xiaoxue Yang has created a Trello board and invited everyone to join
F. If your team wants to have someone check in and make sure that each team member is doing okay and
   ask whether or not they could use more people on a task, who will that person be?
   Will that role be given to different people on different weeks?
   Alternatively, has everyone in the team agreed to report back to the rest of the team if a task turns out to be more
   time-consuming than originally assumed?
   We as a group will have regular group meetings at 8:45am - 9am on Mondays and Fridays (Toronto time) for status
   updates, where everyone will be present and give an update on the status of their tasks
G. Is there anything else that your team has agreed on? If not, you can just write "No".
- Meeting times: meeting on the dot (NOT following u of t time (10 past))
- Setting internal deadlines (considering we are in different time zones)
    - when the assignment is released, we will discuss the internal deadlines in our weekly meeting
- coding standard:
    - add comments regularly and clearly
    - use of variable names (common and straightforward variable names that make sense to most people)
    - stick to clean architecture principles (textbook)
    - try to avoid the use of things that aren't really taught in class unless it's super important, so that it would be
     easier for others to understand your code (but make sure to add comments and references)
- code review
    - when people work together (in a zoom call for example), they can ensure the code quality
    - to be discussed more when we have the project and the deadline
H. So that everyone on your team gets participation marks for this document, please make sure everyone's name is
   included at the bottom of the file.
   Everyone in the group met together and participated in the discussion for the content of this contract:
   Xueqing Zhai
   Zeyang Ni
   Runlong Ye
   Jinyoung Lee
   Xiaoxue Yang
   Zifan Ye
   Yuno Asahi
   Raazia Hashim